November 22, 2008 - pyclewn 0.7
    Changes:
        Pyclewn falls back to pipes when a pseudo tty cannot be setup with gdb.
        On Vim 7.2 and later Vim versions, the first gdb command on the initial
        [NoName] buffer is silently ignored. This is fixed by loading the clewn
        console after netbeans initialisation.
        On pyclewn installation, "gvim" can be replaced with the value of the
        environment variable 'vimcmd', for the program that is run to check
        that the 'netbeans_intg' feature has been compiled in Vim.

    Bug fixes:
        Fix cannot run two simultaneous pyclewn sessions on the same listening
        port.
        Fix Csigint help and warning message when running with pipes instead of
        a pseudo tty.
        Fix incorrect display after the Vim command bdelete or bwipeout on the
        clewn console.


August 16, 2008 - pyclewn 0.6
    Changes:
        Pyclewn runs on the Windows platform.

    Bug fixes:
        Fix setting or clearing a breakpoint with clewn mapped keys when the
        breakpoint file pathname includes spaces.
        Fix an assertion error that occured on exit while pyclewn is busy
        processing gdb messages. A side effect of this fix is that the project
        file is not saved automatically on exit, if gdb is busy running a
        command at this time.


June 6, 2008 - pyclewn 0.5
    New features:
        The new 'maxlines' option sets a limit on the console buffer size.
        The new 'window' option positions the console window on top, bottom,
        left or right side of the Vim window.
        The new 'project' pyclewn command saves the current gdb settings to a
        project file that may be sourced later with the gdb 'source' command.
        These settings are the working directory, the debuggee program file
        name, the program arguments and the breakpoints.
        A new parameter to the 'gdb' command line option can be used to set the
        project file pathname. When set, the project file is automatically
        sourced on starting a gdb session, and the gdb settings are
        automatically saved to the project file on quitting gdb or vim.

    Changes:
        The vim implementation of the netbeans "remove" function is buggy, and
        has been fixed by patch 207 in vim 7.1. The workaround in pyclewn is to
        insert a '\n' before the line to delete, and to delete both lines in one
        shot. This workaround is not used when vim implements patch 207.
        Allow a gdb command on the initial [No name] vim window.
        Pyclewn can be started now without setting the environment variable
        PYTHONPATH which was required in the previous release when pyclewn is
        installed locally with the 'home scheme'.

    Bug fixes:
        Avoid having Vim segfaults when stepping very fast with gdb, by the
        correct handling of the cursor position when restoring the cursor after
        an update of the gdb console.
        Remove the gdb tui commands.
        The 'help' command must list the pyclewn commands with the gdb commands
        only when used with no argument.
        Fix incorrect breakpoint highlighting after user aborts on the dialog
        warning him that the buffer is already opened by another Vim session.


April 9, 2008 - pyclewn 0.4

    Bug fix:
        Pyclewn exits with "gdb  CRITICAL this is not a gdb program" when gdb
        writes an unexpected terminfo sequence on a subprocess pipe.


March 22, 2008 - pyclewn 0.3

    Initial release.
